Another year has gone by.
Are you ready?
’Cause it’s convention time!
I’ve got my bag,
Love in my heart.
Can’t wait to be there
Before the music starts.
It’s convention time!
Together in Jehovah’s house,
There’s no better place to be—
Together in Jehovah’s house
With my worldwide family.
We could be friends,
Don’t you agree?
Why don’t you take a seat
right next to me?
We’re taking notes
And singing songs.
We have the same hope—
That’s why we get along!
It’s convention time!
Together in Jehovah’s house,
There’s no better place to be—
Together in Jehovah’s house
With our worldwide family.
Together in Jehovah’s house,
There’s no better place to be.
And we can play a part
in filling ev’ry heart
In this worldwide family.